feat: learn english block 6.2 (#52539)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-progress-in-weekly-stand-up-meetings/6579dd80bdd49220560f26ad.md

---
id: 6579dd80bdd49220560f26ad
title: Task 35
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-35
audioPath: curriculum/js-music-player/We-Are-Going-to-Make-it.mp3
---

<!--
AUDIO REFERENCE: 
Sophie: "Good morning, Bob. I'd like to bring up a coding issue."
-->

# --description--

The phrase 'bring up' means to mention or start discussing a topic or issue. It's often used in meetings to introduce a new subject or problem that needs attention. For example, 'Can I bring up a concern about the project?' means the speaker wants to start discussing a specific concern.

# --question--

## --text--

What does Sophie intend to do by saying 'I'd like to bring up a coding issue'?

## --answers--

`She wants to start discussing a coding problem`

---

`She is asking for a break from the meeting`

### --feedback--

> 'Bring up' means to start discussing an issue, not to request a break.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Bring up` means to start discussing an issue, not to request a break.
```
